hello I'm a 4kids fan I want to announce
that I love the voice cast of Sonic they
are very cool I especially love Jason
playing Sonic Ryan's ramen success I
don't like him many people complain that
Ryan sounds a lot better than Jason I
disagree Jason is way cooler because he
makes sonic sound sarcastic all the time
Ryan makes Sonic talk normal that's not
fun that's stupid
Sonic is supposed to be sarcastic all
the time so Jason is perfect besides
look at Jason he's so sexy I want to
marry him from him doesn't look sexy
he's stupid I also love how four kids
decided to make tail sound more like a
girl at first I didn't like it because
he sounded almost like his Japanese
counterpart but later on in the games
he started sounding more like a girl
that is excellent I am so proud of four
kids for making tail sound like a girl
because he is a girl you know it admit
it he's a girl
the voice of nipples is also fantastic
its voiced by the same guy who voices
yummy from youichi ho
that's an awesome voice that is so
awesome it should not be changed one bit
I want everyone to sound lightly on me
including Sonic but of course I can't be
too picky but at least nipples is voiced
by youichi that's great I love how damn
green doesn't even try to change his
voice yes fabulous another voice I like
it Amy's voice she sounds like very
annoying which I like sometimes she even
sounds like an old granny that goes for
her as well even though she's around 18
the voice actor makes her sound like she
40 I love that because I have lost for
old ladies they are so sexy Shadow the
Hedgehog is also fantastic and it's not
it wasn't already brilliant
they got Jason before shadow as well
hearing Jason all the time makes me
happy I love it I love Jason I want to
marry in the only voice I hated Eggman's
his voice sounds decent I hate it
but sometimes he sounds just like Sonic
he sometimes sounds sarcastic which is
fabulous
I wish you would sound like that all the
time well that is all I have to say 24
kids for giving a such a great cast
especially Jason Griffith who is the
greatest comic voice he saw us um I want
to marry in I hope Jason will keep
voicing sonic forever and to those of
you who disagree with me and saying that
Jason sucks up from the rules you are on
there is no argument Jason is the best
if you think Drummond is better you
better go get your ears checked because
Ryan sucks
Ryan is stupid you are stupid for liking
Yin you are a retard for liking in you
don't know what a good voice actor is
because Jason is the best no this is not
a look in Yin it's the truth because I'm
an expert at what sounds good and what
doesn't
now excuse me I got to email Jason
Griffith about my marriage proposal
goodbye